readMe.md, before:

TO DO LIST

<!-- 1. Custom MongoDB custome aggregations to look for crags near me -->

2. Redo the css and Request New Password email (currently 'borrowed' from Wesbos Node course...)
3. Lockdown permissions for editing server-side. ConfirmUser func pre-exports.updateCrag???
4. Lockdown state = msg, maybe make them an array to map over. Currently only has space for one user error/msg at a time.
5. Add an HTML stripper on the server side to ensure no XSS (cross-site-scripting) attack. Maybe use domPurify or striptags? (See vid 30/wes/node)
6. **IMPORTANT** Make sure to limit the google api key to the final domain name used.
7. Implement timer on local storage login details...?
8. Add routes to crag, route range (V3-v8 etc.), number of routes.
9. Update 'isAuth' func to use the isAuthenticated() method???
10. Make function for '...' at the end of description and title of crags on Crag Card.
'\***\*\*\*\*\***\*\*\*\*\***\*\*\*\*\***'
<!-- 11. Correct FormError componentn to active an error msg/state rather than render new component. -->
11. Change 'About' Form to 'Email Us' in order to get user feedback...,Add Footer and Contact Page?
12. Edit the 'Dasboard'
13. Pagination

Commit message:

Add Footer, HamburgerNav, Navigator component and Tooltip. Also, update authenitcation, text shortener and attempted login timeout

readMe.md, after:

TO DO LIST

<!-- 1. Custom MongoDB custome aggregations to look for crags near me -->

<!-- 2. Redo the css and Request New Password email (currently 'borrowed' from Wesbos Node course...) -->

<!-- 3. Lockdown permissions for editing server-side. ConfirmUser func pre-exports.updateCrag?? -->
 <!-- 4. Lockdown state = msg, maybe make them an array to map over. Currently only has space for one user error/msg at a time. -->

4. Add an HTML stripper on the server side to ensure no XSS (cross-site-scripting) attack. Maybe use domPurify or striptags? (See vid 30/wes/node)
5. **IMPORTANT** Make sure to limit the google api key to the final domain name used (post Deploy?)
 <!-- 7. Implement timer on local storage login details...? -->
6. Add routes to crag, route range (V3-v8 etc.), number of routes.
    <!-- 8. Update 'isAuth' func to use the isAuthenticated() method??? -->
     <!-- 10. Make function for '...' at the end of description and title of crags on Crag Card. -->
7. Pagination
 <!-- 11. Add Tooltip to lat and lng (why we ask for this...) -->
8. Add React-helmet or see other way to engage SEO
9. Change MailTrap to MailChimp or other...

<!-- ************** DEPLOY *************** -->

SEE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aibtHnbeuio
